Document Contract and Account/Client interoperability (#788)
software-mansion/starknet.py: docs/guide/using_existing_contracts.rst

.. note::
    It is possible to configure the value by which the estimated fee is multiplied,
    by changing ``ESTIMATED_FEE_MULTIPLIER`` in :class:`~starknet_py.net.account.account.Account`.

Account and Client interoperability
-----------------------------------

> Though designed as standalone interface, ``Contract`` methods has been designed to be
> compatible with ``Account`` and and ``Client``.
> 
> ``PreparedFunctionCall`` returned by ``Contract.prepare()`` can be used in Account methods to create Invoke transactions.
> 
> 
> .. codesnippet:: ../../starknet_py/tests/e2e/docs/guide/test_contract_account_compatibility.py
>     :language: python
>     :dedent: 4
> 
> It can also be used in ``Client.call_contract()``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. currentmodule:: starknet_py.contract

:ref:`Contract` methods have been designed to be
compatible with :ref:`Account` and :obj:`Client <starknet_py.net.gateway_client.GatewayClient>`.

:ref:`PreparedFunctionCall` returned by :meth:`ContractFunction.prepare` can be used in Account methods to create Invoke transactions.

.. codesnippet:: ../../starknet_py/tests/e2e/docs/guide/test_contract_account_compatibility.py
    :language: python
    :dedent: 4

It can also be used in :obj:`Client.call_contract() <starknet_py.net.gateway_client.GatewayClient.call_contract>`
```
